Walter:
DAMN IT, YOU'RE NOT
LISTENING TO ME.
LISTEN TO ME!
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
WE CAN'T WAIT FOR THE REPORT.
WE'RE GONNA ISSUE
THE RECALL.
ALL OF IT!
ALL RIGHT, JACE, FINE.
YEAH, YOU THINK
YOU NEED TO PROTECT
YOUR ASS, THAT'S FINE.
JUST CALL THE DONALDSONS
AND TELL THEM IT WAS
MY CALL, ALL RIGHT?
JESUS.
( theme music playing )
MARIE, IS HE OFF?
ALL RIGHT, GET ME BURT.
I'M SORRY ABOUT THIS.
BAD ENOUGH I'M LATE, BUT--
UH, BURT?
YEAH, WALTER.
UM, LISTEN, I'M SORRY
BUT THEY WOULDN'T
LET ME USE MY PHONE
UNTIL I CLEARED CUSTOMS.
UH, I CAN'T REACH
THE DONALDSONS.
NO, BUT WE'RE
GONNA GO AHEAD
WITH THE RECALL ANYWAY.
I DON'T TRUST JACE
ON THIS.
NO, OR ON ANYTHING ELSE
REALLY.
WELL, OKAY.
GOOD GOOD, ALL RIGHT.
MARIE'LL SET UP
A MEETING AT...
10:00 P.M.
OKAY.
UH, MARIE, DID YOU GET
THAT LAST PART?
GOOD.
OKAY, CALL JACE LAST.
ORDER FOOD.
ANY PRESS, TELL THEM THAT
WE'RE WORKING ON A STATEMENT.
NO, GIVE ME 40 MINUTES.
NO CALLS, ALL RIGHT?
ALL RIGHT.
THANKS.
OH, WHAT?
YEAH, I'LL TEXT CONNIE.
OH, JESUS.
- DO YOU NEED A MOMENT, WALTER?
- UH? OH...
UH, CONNIE.
I'M NOT GONE THREE DAYS
AND ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE.
YOU KNOW, IF IT'S
AN EMERGENCY, WE CAN...
- WE CAN RESCHEDULE.
- WE'VE ALREADY RESCHEDULED.
I WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE HERE AT 6:00.
IT'S 8:00.
NO, IT'S AFTER 8:00.
I'M REALLY SORRY.
I--
AND I APPRECIATE
YOUR SEEING ME LATER.
I KNOW YOU MUST HAVE
A LIFE OUTSIDE OF HERE.
NO, IT'S FINE.
I HAD AN HOUR FREE.
IF YOU UNDERSTOOD--
IF YOU REALLY UNDERSTOOD
HOW LOATH I AM TO BE LATE.
I'M REALLY SORRY.
THIS ISN'T ME AT ALL.
REALLY, IT'S FINE.
- HERE.
- WHAT'S THIS?
UH, IT'S--
IT'S FOR YOUR TIME.
YOU'RE PAYING
FOR THE SESSION
IN CASH?
NO, IT'S NOT FOR THE SESSION.
I'LL WRITE A CHECK FOR THAT.
THIS IS... THIS IS JUST
SOMETHING EXTRA FOR YOU.
THAT'S REALLY
NOT NECESSARY, WALTER.
THANK YOU.
OH, WELL,
SOMEONE...
UNIMPEACHABLE, HUH?
- I LIKE THAT.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WELL, I WASN'T
TRYING TO BRIBE YOU.
I MEAN, I'M--
THAT'S NOT THE WAY
I OPERATE.
ALTHOUGH, I TELL YOU,
SOMETIMES IT MIGHT BE EASIER
FOR ME IF I DID.
I UNDERSTAND.
YOU WERE JUST TRYING
TO MAKE UP FOR LOST HOURS.
- I UNDERSTAND.
- YEAH, EXACTLY.
I-- I KNOW YOU VALUE
YOUR TIME AND I'VE WASTED
SOME OF IT.
IT WAS GENEROUS OF YOU TO OFFER.
THANK YOU, WALTER.
- BUT I--
- WELL, THAT'S GOOD.
YOU'RE A STRAIGHT SHOOTER.
THAT'S A RARE THING
THESE DAYS,
SOMEONE WHO'S DEPENDABLE.
I HAD TO COME TO A WALK-UP
IN BROOKLYN TO FIND IT, BUT--
- ( phone rings )
- OH, GOD.
MARIE, I SAID NO CALLS,
FOR CHRIST'S SAKE!
CAN'T--
ARE YOU SURE?
THAT SON OF A BITCH.
NO NO.
NO, DON'T LET HIM KNOW
THAT YOU'VE REACHED ME.
JUST LET HIM THINK
I'M WALKING INTO IT.
I'LL CALL YOU FROM THE CAR.
JUST GIVE ME
A HALF HOUR OF PEACE.
CAN YOU DO THAT?
THANKS.
UNBELIEVABLE.
THIS LITTLE PISSER--
JACE!
HE'S NOT EVEN HALF MY AGE
AND SOMEHOW HE THINKS
HE'S GONNA USE THIS
TO BRING ME DOWN.
HE'S SO SELF-DELUDED
HE ACTUALLY THINKS
THEY'RE GONNA
GIVE HIM MY JOB.
- WALTER, YOU SEEM--
- IT'S MY OWN FAULT.
IN A WAY.
I MEAN,
HE WAS VERY BRIGHT, EAGER,
GOOD SCHOOLS. I BROUGHT HIM
INTO THE COMPANY.
BUT HE'S GREEN.
HE'S IN OVER HIS HEAD.
- IT'S-- ( groans )
- WALTER, CAN YOU LISTEN
TO ME FOR A MOMENT?
YOU SEEMS LIKE--
YOU SEEM LIKE
YOU'RE IN THE MIDST
OF A BREAKING CRISIS HERE.
NO, PAUL, IT'S NOT BREAKING.
IT'S ALREADY BROKE.
WE CULL INGREDIENTS
FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD:
CHINA, BRAZIL, INDONESIA.
SOMEHOW SOMETHING GOT
INTO THE PIPELINE.
WALTER, WHATEVER
IS GOING ON--
IT COULD BE CONTAMINATED
MILK POWDER OR BACTERIA
FROM ONE OF THE FACTORIES.
IT COULD BE A CHEAP LUBRICANT
- LEECHING INTO
THE MACHINERY--
- WALTER.
YOU DON'T SEEM LIKE
YOU'RE ABLE TO GET AWAY
FROM THIS RIGHT NOW.
I THINK THAT IT WOULD BE
A VERY GOOD IDEA FOR US
TO RESCHEDULE.
RESCHEDULE?!
WHEN?
IT'S NOT GONNA GET
ANY BETTER TOMORROW
OR THE DAY AFTER.
I-- PAUL, I'M GOING
INTO COMBAT IN AN HOUR.
AND IF I-- IF I--
IF I DON'T TALK TO YOU NOW,
IT MIGHT BE ANOTHER MONTH
BEFORE I GET A CHANCE.
( phone ringing )
IT'S OFF, OKAY?
BOTH OF THEM, OKAY?
OKAY.
- UH, CAN I GET
A GLASS OF WATER?
- SURE.
OH, I HATE THIS STUFF.
CONNIE'S ALWAYS TELLING ME
I SHOULD DRINK MORE OF IT.
SO DOES MY DOCTOR,
BUT I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR IT.
YOU-- YOU DON'T HAVE TIME
TO DRINK WATER?
SOMETIMES NO, I DON'T.
AND THIS WEEK,
IT'S A GOOD THING ANYWAY,
WHERE I WAS.
YOU'VE BEEN TRAVELING?
HUH.
I SPENT THE LAST 44
OUT OF 72 HOURS
IN AN AIRPLANE.
AND THE HOURS WAITING
FOR THE SIX FLIGHTS WERE
NO BARREL OF LAUGHS EITHER.
SO THE TRIP WAS
IN RESPONSE TO THE...
- TO THE CRISIS.
- WHAT?
WELL, YOU WERE JUST SAYING
HOW YOU HAVE SUPPLIERS
ALL OVER THE WORLD,
AND I ASSUMED THAT YOU WERE
TRYING TO TRACK DOWN
THE SOURCE OF THE PROBLEM.
OH, NO NO.
UH, I WASN'T FLYING
FOR THE COMPANY.
- YOU WEREN'T?
- NO, I FLEW TO RWANDA
TO GET NATALIE.
NATALIE.
- DID SOMETHING HAPPEN TO HER?
- NO, SHE DIDN'T SAY SO.
BUT I KNEW THAT
SHE WAS IN TROUBLE.
SO SHE DIDN'T
ASK YOU TO COME?
SHE DIDN'T HAVE TO.
LOOK, PAUL, SHE'S--
SHE'S MY DAUGHTER.
AND UNTIL SHE WENT
TO RWANDA,
I HAD SPOKEN WITH HER
EVERY DAY OF HER LIFE.
WHEREVER
I WAS IN THE WORLD,
I'D CALL HER AT BEDTIME
AND TELL HER I LOVED HER.
BEFORE SHE COULD TALK,
I MADE THESE LITTLE
CLICKING NOISES.
THEN AFTER
SHE WENT TO RWANDA,
WE EMAILED EVERY DAY.
SUDDENLY A WEEK AGO,
SHE WRITES HER MOTHER
BUT NOT ME.
CONNIE DOESN'T DO EMAIL
SO I HAD TO PRINT
THE LETTERS OUT FOR HER.
AND SHE WAS ASKING CONNIE
IF I WAS ALL RIGHT,
IF THE COMPANY WAS
REALLY COMPLICIT IN
THIS BABY FORMULA MESS.
IT WAS--
IT WAS CRAZY TALK.
MIGHTN'T SHE HAVE JUST BEEN
CONCERNED FOR YOUR WELFARE?
WELL, PAUL, DON'T YOU THINK
I KNOW MY OWN DAUGHTER?
THAT'S NOT WHAT
I'M SAYING, WALTER.
I'M JUST TRYING TO UNDERSTAND
WHY, WITH YOUR COMPANY
IN CRISIS,
YOU WOULD CHOSE TO VISIT
YOUR DAUGHTER IN RWANDA.
THE EMAILS, HER VOICE
WASN'T HER VOICE.
SHE WOULD NEVER
DOUBT HER FATHER.
NOW I'M NOT SAYING
SHE'S BEING BRAINWASHED,
BUT I KNEW SHE WAS
HIDING SOMETHING
AND ONCE I GOT THERE
I FOUND OUT I WAS RIGHT.
- WHAT WAS SHE HIDING?
- TO START WITH, SHE CUT
ALL HER HAIR OFF.
SHE'D ALWAYS HAD
THIS LONG AUBURN HAIR,
LIKE MY MOTHER'S
WHEN SHE WAS THAT AGE.
WELL, THAT'S GONE NOW.
DON'T YOU THINK
THAT'S DISTURBING?
I CAN SEE WHY YOU MIGHT
FIND IT SO, YES.
BUT CUTTING HAIR,
DYEING IT WEIRD COLORS,
( laughs )
LOPPING IT OFF EVEN,
I MEAN, THAT'S WHAT
DAUGHTERS DO.
WHAT ELSE WAS
DIFFERENT ABOUT HER?
OH, WHAT WAS
THE SAME ABOUT HER?
I DIDN'T KNOW WHO
I WAS TALKING TO.
SHE HAD NO SHOES.
SHE HAD GIVEN THEM AWAY,
IT TURNS OUT.
SHE WAS SO THIN.
SHE HAD THIS CHILD
IN HER ARMS--
A LITTLE GIRL
HANGING IN HER ARMS
LIKE A SACK OF POTATOES.
ARE YOU OKAY, WALTER?
THIS IS WHERE
SHE'S LIVING, PAUL.
THIS IS WHERE MY DAUGHTER
HAS CHOSEN TO LIVE--
SOME HELLHOLE NEAR GOMA.
WHEN SHE SAW YOU,
HOW DID SHE REACT?
I DON'T THINK I SPOKE
RIGHT AWAY.
I JUST STOOD THERE
LOOKING AT HER.
FINALLY
SHE GOT SCARED.
SHE SAID, "WHAT IS IT?
MOM? IS MOM ALL RIGHT?"
AND I SAID, "NO,
YOUR MOTHER'S FINE."
SHE SAID, "THEN WHAT
ARE YOU DOING HERE?"
AND I SAID,
"I'VE COME
TO TAKE YOU HOME.
GET YOUR STUFF."
- AND THAT DIDN'T GO DOWN WELL?
- NO. AT FIRST SHE WAS--
DISTANT.
"DAD, I CAN'T LEAVE
RIGHT NOW.
I HAVE TO FINISH
A PROCEDURE."
AS IF SHE'D GOT
SOME MEDICAL DEGREE
IN THE LAST MONTH.
SHE SAID SHE'D MEET ME
FOR DINNER IN A FEW HOURS
IN THE BIG TENT.
THEN SHE POINTED
IN THE DIRECTION
OF SOME LITTLE SHACKS
IN CASE
I WANTED TO LIE DOWN.
SHE WAS LIVING IN ONE
OF THOSE SHACKS.
THEY LOOKED LIKE OUTHOUSES
AND SHE WAS SLEEPING THERE.
I CAN SEE HOW
UPSETTING THAT...
THAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN
FOR YOU.
I MEAN, YOU SPENT
YOUR LIFE
PROVIDING
A GOOD HOME FOR HER
AND THIS IS HOW SHE
CHOOSES TO LIVE.
SO WHAT HAPPENED
AT THE DINNER?
WELL, I DIDN'T
WAIT FOR DINNER.
I WENT BACK INTO THE SHACK
AND I TOOK ALL HER STUFF
AND I PUT IT IN THE JEEP.
I JUST...
I JUST WANTED
TO TAKE IT BACK WITH ME
TO KIGALI AND AT LEAST
HAVE HER CLOTHES CLEANED.
I WANTED TO GO BACK
TO THE HOTEL THAT NIGHT
AND TAKE HER TO DINNER
AND MAYBE TALK
SOME SENSE INTO HER.
THE NEXT THING I KNOW,
SHE'S TEARING ACROSS
THIS FIELD,
SCREAMING AT ME--
INSANE STUFF--
HOW I'M TRYING
TO CONTROL HER,
HOW I DON'T RESPECT HER,
HOW SHE'S WORKED SO HARD
TO BUILD UP TRUST
WITH THESE PEOPLE
AND NOW THEY'RE
GONNA THINK THAT
SHE'S SOME
NEOCOLONIALIST LIKE ME.
AND THERE WAS SOMETHING
ABOUT CONNIE I'M NOT EVEN
GOING TO REPEAT.
I SWEAR TO GOD, PAUL,
IT TOOK EVERYTHING I HAD
NOT TO SLAP HER.
INSTEAD I JUST SAID,
"DON'T YOU EVER
SPEAK ABOUT YOUR
MOTHER LIKE THAT."
THEN SHE BROKE DOWN
AND STARTED TO CRY.
WHAT DID YOU DO THEN?
I PUT MY ARMS
AROUND HER.
I SAID, "NATALIE,
WE'RE GOING HOME."
AND THEN...
SHE TOLD ME
TO GO FUCK MYSELF.
SHE'D NEVER SAID ANYTHING
LIKE THAT TO YOU BEFORE?
SHE BROKE MY HEART, PAUL.
SHE BROKE MY HEART.
WHY DO YOU THINK
SHE WAS SO ANGRY WITH YOU?
OH, SHE MADE THAT
PRETTY CLEAR.
I GOT AN EMAIL FROM HER
WHEN I GOT BACK
TO THE HOTEL.
IT TURNS OUT THAT I'M
DOMINEERING, OBSESSIVE,
THAT I'M THE CAUSE
OF ALL HER ANXIETIES,
THAT IT'S IMPOSSIBLE
TO THRIVE OR GROW AROUND ME,
AND THAT'S WHY SHE HAD
TO GO AWAY
AND NOW I'M RUINING
HER ONLY CHANCE TO FREE
HERSELF FROM ME.
NOW YOU SEE WHY
I WENT OVER THERE?
I SENSED THIS WAS COMING
FROM EARLIER EMAILS.
HMMM.
YOU KNOW, HEARING THAT
EMAIL MAKES ME...
CAN WE TALK ABOUT THE WAY YOU
CAME IN HERE TODAY?
COMPLETELY IN CHARGE
ON BOTH PHONES,
HANDING ME YOUR BAG--
NOT QUITE LIKE
I WAS A BELLHOP,
BUT SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
- I'M SORRY IF I OFFENDED YOU.
- NO, YOU DIDN'T OFFEND ME.
BUT IT DID CATCH
MY ATTENTION.
WALTER, WE BOTH KNOW
THAT YOU ARE
AN EXCELLENT MANAGER.
WORLD CLASS, RIGHT?
BUT IN OTHER ROLES WHERE
YOU'RE NOT ENTIRELY IN CONTROL,
LIKE SAY BEING A PATIENT HERE,
OR MAYBE WHEN YOU WENT
TO SEE NATALIE...
THAT'S MUCH LESS
COMFORTABLE FOR YOU.
BUT WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
I NEVER TRY TO CONTROL NATALIE.
- I GAVE HER
WHATEVER SHE WANTED.
- OF COURSE.
YOU'VE GIVEN HER EVERYTHING.
AND THAT'S...
THAT'S SOMETHING THAT'S HARD
FOR OTHER PARENTS TO DO.
BUT NOT FOR YOU.
DO YOU THINK
IT'S POSSIBLE THAT
WHAT'S HARD FOR YOU IS
JUST LETTING HER BE?
LETTING HER GO?
DID YOU THINK THAT
YOU FELT HER
PULLING AWAY FROM YOU
IN THOSE EMAILS?
AND THEN WHEN YOU SAW HER
AT THE CAMP
DID YOU GET FRIGHTENED?
SCARED OF LOSING HER
SO THAT YOU FELT YOU
HAD TO TELL HER TO PACK UP
HER THINGS AND COME HOME?
OH, JESUS.
CAN'T A FATHER WORRY
ABOUT HIS OWN DAUGHTER?
OF COURSE HE CAN.
BUT JUST LOOK AT HOW YOU
RESPONDED FOR A MOMENT.
IN THE MIDST OF A MAJOR
WORK CRISIS, YOU READ AN EMAIL
THAT SHE WROTE TO CONNIE
AND WITHOUT STOPPING TO THINK,
YOU GET ON A PLANE AND YOU
FLY HALFWAY AROUND THE WORLD.
WALTER?
AH, IT'S ALL RIGHT.
THESE WORK
PRETTY QUICK.
XANAX, IT'S...
DR. WELLS GAVE ME
THE PRESCRIPTION.
THANK GOD HE DID.
OTHERWISE I'D NEVER
HAVE BEEN ABLE TO GET
OUT OF THAT PLACE.
( sighs in relief )
DID YOU TAKE A PILL
AFTER YOU SAW NATALIE?
NO. LATER.
I WOKE UP IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE NIGHT
IN A COLD SWEAT.
I HAD A NIGHTMARE...
THAT NATALIE WAS GONE.
THEN I LOOKED AROUND ME
AND WITH THE JETLAG
AND THE FATIGUE, I HAD NO IDEA
WHERE I WAS FOR A MINUTE.
I THOUGHT I WAS BACK
IN MY PARENTS' HOUSE,
IN TOMMY'S ROOM
WITH ALL HIS SPORTS TROPHIES
AND AWARDS.
I-- I JUST COULDN'T STAY
IN THAT ROOM ANOTHER SECOND.
I HAD TO GET OUT OF THERE.
I WAS HAVING TROUBLE BREATHING.
AND THEN
I REMEMBERED THE PILLS.
DO YOU THINK IT'S STRANGE
THAT YOU WERE...
THAT YOU WERE THINKING ABOUT
TOMMY OVER THERE
IN AFRICA?
HE'S BEEN
ON MY MIND LATELY.
AND DO YOU KNOW WHEN
THAT STARTED?
HAS IT BEEN
SINCE NATALIE LEFT?
YOU SAID THAT YOU WOKE UP
AND YOU FELT THAT YOU--
YOU HAD TO GET OUT.
( sighs )
HOTELS CAN BE DISORIENTING.
BUT LOSING TOMMY WAS
VERY PAINFUL FOR YOU,
WASN'T IT?
MY FOLKS HAD THE PAIN.
WITH ALL DUE RESPECT,
WHEN PARENTS LOSE A CHILD
IT KILLS THEM.
IT'S REALLY ADMIRABLE THAT
YOU REMAINED SO CLOSE
TO YOUR PARENTS
AFTER THAT HAPPENED.
LIKE WITH THE DONALDSONS,
AS YOU'VE SAID.
AFTER THEIR SON JAMES
DIED,
YOU BECAME
LIKE A SON TO THEM--
THE GOOD SON,
THE ONE EVERYBODY
CAN DEPEND ON.
AND THEN YOU HAD
THIS DREAM.
YOU FEEL THAT
YOU'RE SUFFOCATING
IN TOMMY'S ROOM.
WHAT DOES THIS
HAVE TO DO
WITH NATALIE?
MAYBE NATALIE IS TRYING
TO DO SOMETHING
THAT YOU'VE NEVER
ALLOWED YOURSELF TO DO:
TO SEPARATE
FROM HER PARENTS.
FOR YOU TO STAY CONNECTED
MEANS TO NEVER
STRAY.
NOW NATALIE IS TRYING
TO DO SOMETHING IN BETWEEN,
BUT YOU FEEL THAT
SHE'S ABANDONING YOU
THE WAY TOMMY DID.
HE DIED, PAUL.
JESUS.
- HE DIDN'T ABANDON ME.
- I KNOW.
BUT MAYBE
THAT NIGHT IN THE HOTEL,
NATALIE'S SEPARATION
FROM YOU FELT,
IN SOME WAY,
IT FELT LIKE A DEATH.
GOD FORBID.
NO!
THERE'S NO
COMPARISON, YEAH.
THERE'S A BIG DIFFERENCE.
WHEN A CHILD DIES,
HE'S GONE.
ISN'T THAT EXACTLY
THE NIGHTMARE THAT WOKE YOU UP--
THAT NATALIE WAS GONE?
NO, IT WASN'T
THE SAME.
I WAS TRYING TO FIND HER.
I KNEW THAT NO MATTER
HOW BAD I FELT,
I HAD TO PUT MYSELF ASIDE
AND THINK ONLY OF NATALIE.
I TOOK THE PILLS.
SOMEHOW IT PASSED.
AND I DRAGGED MYSELF
BACK TO THE HOTEL LOBBY
AND I WENT ONLINE
IN THE BUSINESS CENTER.
THAT'S WHEN
I READ HER EMAILS
AND I REALIZED...
( sighs )
I REALIZED--
YOU REALIZED WHAT, WALTER?
IT-IT-IT'S--
IT'S OKAY
TO HAVE THE THOUGHT HERE.
YOU CAN SAY WHATEVER YOU LIKE.
I REALIZED THAT
SHE DIDN'T NEED ME AT ALL.
OR MAYBE THAT'S JUST WHAT SHE
NEEDS TO FEEL RIGHT NOW.
NO, SHE'S DONE
WITH HER OLD MAN.
- I'M A BOOSTER ROCKET.
- OH, SHE'S LAUNCHED,
LIKE YOUR BOYS,
ISN'T THAT WHAT YOU SAID
AT OUR FIRST SESSION?
DID I?
I'M SURE I ALSO SAID
THAT NATALIE WAS DIFFERENT.
WELL, I'D HAVE
TO AGREE WITH YOU.
YOU DID RAISE HER
WITH THE FREEDOM
TO THINK FOR HERSELF,
TO QUESTION AUTHORITY FIGURES,
TO CONFRONT THE WORLD
OF ADULTS.
YOU GAVE HER
AN INCREDIBLE GIFT.
NOW SHE WANTS TO USE IT.
BY TELLING ME
TO GO FUCK MYSELF?
THAT'S WHAT YOU HEARD.
BUT BEFORE THAT,
SHE WANTED YOU TO TALK THINGS
OVER WITH HER.
- SHE INVITED YOU TO DINNER, NO?
- SHE WAS JUST SHINING ME ON.
POSSIBLY.
OR POSSIBLY SHE REALLY
WANTED TO TALK TO YOU.
BUT YOU FELT LIKE SHE WAS
DISRESPECTING YOU
AND YOU REACTED TO THAT.
YOU KNOW, I THINK THAT
FOR HER WHOLE LIFE SHE'S
BEEN VERY AWARE OF YOU
AND HOW YOU FEEL
AND WHAT YOU THINK
AND WHAT SHE CAN DO
TO MAKE YOU HAPPY.
MAYBE PART OF THE REASON
SHE'S SO ANGRY IS BECAUSE
MAYBE FOR THE FIRST TIME
IN HER LIFE SHE KNOWS THAT
WHAT SHE WANTS IS NOT
WHAT YOU WANT.
AND SHE'S HAVING A VERY
HARD TIME RECONCILING
HERSELF TO THAT FACT.
SHE'S HAVING A HARD TIME?
WELL, WHAT ABOUT ME?
SO HOW DID YOU
LEAVE THINGS WITH HER?
I DIDN'T.
I WOKE UP THE NEXT MORNING
TO A BARRAGE
OF INCOMING FAXES,
PHONE CALLS,
EMAILS, OUTBREAKS
OF DIARRHEA,
CHILDREN IN HOSPITALS
POSSIBLY FROM FORMULA
CONTAMINATED AT ONE
OF OUR PLANTS.
I'D GOTTEN OUT
IN FRONT OF THIS!
I LEAVE FOR A FEW DAYS AND--
IT'S LIKE THEY WERE JUST WAITING
FOR ME TO TURN MY BACK.
( phone rings )
( sighs )
I'M-- I'M--
I'M SORRY, WALTER.
WITH THE LATE SESSION,
I FORGOT TO SHUT THE--
- ( answering machine beeps )
- Hello, this is Mr. Barnett's
assistant Marie.
It's urgent
that he speaks with Burt.
If he calls me,
I can patch him through.
- ( beeps )
- BACK TO BATTLE STATIONS.
I'D BETTER BE GOING.
UH, THANK YOU, PAUL.
SHEESH-- 26 MESSAGES.
- WILL YOU BE ALL RIGHT?
- OH, YEAH.
UH, I'LL BE FINE.
THEY CAN'T GET RID
OF ME, PAUL.
"APRES MOI,
LE DELUGE."
AFTER YOU, THE FLOOD?
- THAT'S A LOT OF PRESSURE.
- YEAH, WELL,
THE GLUE, PAUL, THE GLUE.
JUST LOOK WHAT HAPPENED
WHEN I LEFT.
WELL, I GUESS MY DAUGHTER
CAN SURVIVE WITHOUT ME
BUT THE DONALDSONS CAN'T.
SO, UM...
WILL I SEE YOU
NEXT WEEK?
YEAH, AND THANKS AGAIN.
- YOU'RE WELCOME.
- ALL RIGHT.
MARIE, CALL BURT AND--
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
YOU CAN'T GET HIM?
YOU JUST LEFT ME A MESSAGE
HE WANTS TO SPEAK WITH ME.
WHAT ABOUT THE OLD MAN?
DON'T MOVE.
I'LL CALL YOU AS SOON AS...
( theme music playing )